You have the right intentions buddy but here are some points that I have garnered through personal experience , facts and other people's stories .
So here are the some of the side effects of loosing weight and it gets worse if you've lost a lot of your body weight or have lost weight in a short amount of time.

1)Cravings increase.
What do you do when you are 'saving yourself' for a delicious dinner. You eat less  probably workout because you want to enjoy your meal later on. 
The same thing you are advised to do to loose weight. So you are kind of tricking your body to expect a better/big meal later on. 
Only that When you are trying to loose weight, you don't get the big meal. Automatically you start craving chocolates, and all those weird 
things you never used to crave for before. Your relationship to food will be completely unnatural and abnormal...Trust me , been there, done that.
It was like my reward systems were completely altered, nothing else mattered but food. 



2)Bingeing, Food addiction. 
Using the traditional methods you will loose weight, that is until you hit your breaking point. One day you will be stressed guess what what your body 
hasn't been getting enough of. Food. Food will be the source of comfort. No, you do not want that disorder. 



3) Loosing weight isn't the problem. You'll never be perfect, deal with it. 
There are benefits to loosing weight, you will be more active, more energy, people will compliment you a lot. But 
sorry to disappoint you buddy, you wont be perfect. You will most likely not look like those supermodels on magazines,
you will notice other aspects of your life that need attention. Think again before you invest your all time and energy, at least  
prepare yourself for the aftermath. 


4) You will confuse people, they will compliment when you loose weight, but when you gain it back(where there is a pretty good 
chance you will) , you will have to suffer through the awkward silences and disappointments. Trust me when I tell it isn't great.





