Listen to my body? That means I'll eat chocolate, rice and pasta everyday. 
Lets examine your lifestyle before you considered dieting ,
1) Did you crave chocolates(insert whatever bad food you have been told to believe) constantly?
2) Did you think of food every second day of the food, like how much you should eat to be on track etc?
3) Did food have power on you? Did you find food a temptation all the time?


No, no and no, you were using your will power on more important issues of your life. And that's the ideal lifestyle.
If you truly want confidence and high self esteem(not the kind that comes from low fat youghurt and brocolli) then you 
have to trust your body. 

Here are some pointers
-You have a natural set point-no matter how much you diet you'll always go back to that set-point.
Your body will always direct you to that weight whether you want it or not. So learn to trust yourself
and be confident in it. It comes naturally if you are living by your own rules.

-Eat when you are hungry, what you are hungry for, stop when you are full. Its that simple. 
No, you wont gobble down 5 packets of chips if you do this. Hunger is a signal from your body, satiety too.
Listen to them, you will be uncomfortable both ways, whether you are hungry or completely stuffed. Let good 
old logic guide you.

-There is no bad food or good food, there is just food. The moment fries bad food , it suddenly has power over you,
because if you eat it you'll die. No lovee, you wont, fries are just potatoes fried in oil. They contain nutrients that
your body probably needs sometime. When its in your stomach, its not Mcdonalds or Weight Watchers its just nutrients. 
Nothing is off limits.


-Exercise when you want to, at your convenience. Your body gives you cues all the time, but you dont listen you think 
the doctors know your body best. No they dont. Your body signals you to move when it needs to. (a clumped brain, muscle 


-People are dying of hunger. Appreciate the food you have and move on, donate if you can . 
I find that the following links have been useful to me and they will be useful to you too:

www.dietsarefattening.com
www.youtrition.net
http://www.ted.com/talks/sandra_aamodt_why_dieting_doesn_t_usually_work
www.thebananagirl.com-Freelee the Banana girl(if you are considering a vegan lifestyle)
robynlawleyeats.tumblr.com

That's right your health, your rules!! Period.